SM-5343: Update geographical area endpint & new audit events (#432)
departmentfortransport/street-manager-docs: docs/api-documentation/V1.20/index.md

{: .govuk-body}

*Note: Notifications are currently in roadmap for future release (post April 2020).*
{: .govuk-body}

### User and organisation self registration
{: .govuk-heading-s}

API will support user and organisation administration and registration functions, as such password reset, profile editing and user self registriction. These functions will be exposed via a new Party API, which will allow API users with admin permissions to
{: .govuk-body}

### Noticing
{: .govuk-heading-s}

The Work API will be updated to allow submission of notices to noticing Highway Authorities.
{: .govuk-body}

### Error correction
{: .govuk-heading-s}

The Work API will be updated to include endpoints for correcting errors in submitted data against works.
{: .govuk-body}

## Versions and Changes
{: .govuk-heading-l #versions}

This section lists any significant changes made to this document (and by extension, the API interfaces themselves) introduced by each recent and upcoming future release.
{: .govuk-body}

Version 1.20 (02/04/2020):
{: .govuk-heading-s}

Updated Works API with the following changes:
{: .govuk-body}

> <li>The following endpoints are will be available on the Works API in a future release):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>The following endpoint will be available on the Works API in a future release):
```

  <ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">

>     <li>Updated a geographical area <code>PUT /{geographicalAreaReferenceNumber}/geographical-areas</code> endpoint</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <li>Update a geographical area <code>PUT /{geographicalAreaReferenceNumber}/geographical-areas</code> endpoint</li>
```

This section lists any significant changes made to this document (and by extension, the API interfaces themselves) introduced by each recent and upcoming future release.
{: .govuk-body}

Version 1.20 (02/04/2020):
{: .govuk-heading-s}

Updated Works API with the following changes:
{: .govuk-body}
<li>The following endpoint will be available on the Works API in a future release:
  <ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">
    <li>Update a geographical area <code>PUT /{geographicalAreaReferenceNumber}/geographical-areas</code> endpoint</li>
  </ol>
</li>
<li>The following audit event types have been added:
  <ol class="govuk-list govuk-list--bullet">
    <li><code>update_geographical_area</code></li>

>     <li><code>upcoming_event</code></li> (placeholder for a future audit event)

Reviewer 2: this should be inside the li tag
